Charmain is gaining her life as she should have had it. It will be in private and as she wanted it so she will be successfully safe and free from invasion from the police and or others that are not able to help her stay free and happy.
Charmain's freedom is very important. Charmain's birthday is the day after today and she is the only one that every one has been harassing. 
The harassment stops, and she is free to love and live and be happy. 
Charmain gets a good job and maintains good relationships that are prosperous for her and her family meaning she prospers greatly because of the changes in her life because of the association she keeps that all being good things into her life and not any trouble or burnden they being helpful things and helpful items and helpfulness's in mentality.
Charmain is getting her life back as it looks like it was stolen, although a lot of time has been  stolen from her and her relatives or others in her life she is gaining back the happiness she deserves and so are they. 
Any theft of identity will be a credit to her gaining hers back, as much help as there was losing her position will be as much as she receives gaining her new one just with less people doing the work as only good secret keeping capable others will be able to help and that's a minor amount they have to be qualified to do such a job and they do their job easily with no burdens or worries, maintaing her safety easily and her freedom and her position in amongs provaye ranks that do intell and logistic work. 
Charmain's job from now on is no one's business nor is it going to be somthing that others pay attention to. She has complete freedom and a good pay because of this that is what will happen because of her good actions and bad ones don't hinder her having what is rightfully hers to have, her identity and her position of wealth and prosperity is easy for the taking she's already passed many tests so the actual pressure is Gone and she doesn't need to take any more.
Charmain is having safety by being in amongst life with her family, in the same or similar place of living, the only time she's not the same size as them or living in the same place of dwelling as her family in location map standard is when she is going into her private new body that has a full identity attachment to this identity so she never losses who she is and or is confused as some else. 
Charmain is only going into her own real body that is known to her as a "Dragan's" body meaning she is incredibly beautiful and capable in many ways others are not as only royalty are Dragans and she is proved to be royalty. 
Charmain is proved to be a very royal girl and has all the safety that a royal would and should have, the masses of people that do know about her help her by only doing helpful in her oppinion thinhs they all keep her life as private as possible and it stays that way as long as she wants it that way no matter what form and or identy she takes on as she has many body's and a same or similar or recognisable face in all her multiple body's. She is not alone on possessing the ability to grow multiple body's it is commonly known that one day we will all be in our "perfect" body's as the Jehovah's witnesses said would happen they just didn't know the logistics or tell people them if they did.
Charmain is twinned with a man, he is her identical twin and he to revives Private life and dealings like Charmains just not as intensive as he doesn't need it, neither does she evidently the process of locating her via a phone or computer or others system is impossible unless you deal with her face to face you can not locate her. 
The twin to charmain can not control her life in any way shape or form without her first allowing it unless they are happily together in a forever lasting relationship where the respect is equal and mutual and he is able to accredit her by not taking over her assets that are hers that she has inherited she just hasn't gained access today or previous days of visual deeds or monitart value in her bank account that she can tangibly touch. This all changes, she gains access to her accounts and her inheritance as she is located and no clone or other can present as her because the clone or the others trying to be charmain had alp been legally watched.
No man or woman or child or other can controll Charmains life for negativity or for any reason. Any one attempting to do so from 11:24 26/11/2021 onwards doesn't get any priaveladges in the future or the present the technolgies refuse to help them in any way other than what charmain has programmed so there will be no excess help or documenting abiltyes from any software or program or application and other things of that same nature.
Charmain is happy because she makes her self happy ahd the others in her life make choices that make her happy in the main sense, they credit her emotions and value her as person as she does them that have a mutual understanding that no one can break all individual to the person and relevant position or relation to each of the individuals involved. 
Happiness is not contentment or singular emotion felt once that can not and does not maintain an ongoing state of happiness happiness is up-kept or kept up by ongoing positivity being inserted or inspired into life because of good circumstances or actions or choices and ability to make these chooses and decisions being our capability that yes my family is capable of doing easily. 
